hey there it's Tara and I have a little
confession to make I am Christmas crazy
but because of that I am dedicating the
whole month of December to holiday month
I'm going to be teaching you everything
you need to know about a DIY holiday and
how to make delicious crazy amazing
recipes that are going to impress your
family and friends that you might not
actually want to share it and that's
what I'm starting with today I'm going
to be showing you guys how to make these
holiday spice truffles for your
ingredients you're going to need two
cups of faiths I've used a mixture of
ma's of body and deglet nour dates and
have soaked the deglet nour dates then
you're going to need 15 tamarins sweet
tamarins and a special spice mix that
I'm using for this recipe which has two
and a half teaspoons of pumpkin pie
spice one heaping teaspoon or tablespoon
of carob powder and half of a teaspoon
of cinnamon next you're going to need
half a cup of dried mulberries to start
with you're going to want to crack the
tamarind shell which is really easy to
do with your fingers put your tamarind
in a bowl
and I recommend using the variety that I
get from superstore which is literally
just called sweet tamarind and it's from
Thailand the first step is putting in
your mulberries and your spice mix into
your blender and you want to just blend
this up until it reaches really fine
kind of flower like it only takes about
30 seconds in the blender and then
you're ready to pour it into a bowl and
you can just leave it sitting in your
bowl and we'll move on to the next step
take your dates that have been soaking
and drain the water into another Bowl
but make sure you keep it because you're
going to need it a little bit later on
then you can put your dates both kinds
into your blender oh they look so gooey
and fresh and delicious and you're going
to take your tamarind which you already
cracked the shells of and take a knife
and make sure that you cut it and get
those seeds out you don't want to blend
with the seeds after you're done cutting
the seeds out you should be left with a
really big pile of tamarind about a cup
or so you're just going to throw that in
with your dates in the blender add in as
much water as you want that the dates
were soaking in I put about three
teaspoons in and then after that you're
going to start your blending you'll
definitely be needing your tamper for
this and even better if you have a food
processor that would work better than
the Vitamix in this case your goal
should look like fresh caramel and what
you want to do is mix it together with
the mulberry and spice crumbs in the
bowl until it's well combined once it's
mixed through take your truffle dough
and throw it in the freezer for maybe
just an hour or two you just want to do
this to get the dough firmed up a little
bit now it's time to take it out of the
freezer and begin the next step and to
do this you're going to want a bowl of
cold water the reason is when you wet
your hands and wet your spoon it is
going to be so much easier to roll your
truffle dough into little balls then
you're just going to put some carrot
powder on a plate and roll your truffles
in the carob powder if you wanted to use
cinnamon or vanilla or cacao you can
roll it in whatever you like and now
you've got your finished
okay this is it it is time for the taste
test now I have it from these up in the
frigid so you'll definitely want to put
them in the fridge before you go eating
them but I don't have time for that I
don't have patience for that rope Omar
gone these were so good please go make
these you know ask your you bring them
to your holiday gathering serve them to
your family and friends and they will
never know that these are raw if you
love these truffles and if you like this
video give me a thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe to 40 below fruity
if you want more from me then head over
to my website WWE bloody calm and I will
see you guys in the next holiday video
happy holidays Merry Christmas whatever
it is for you and I will see you guys
next time is that snow no way it is
snowing how perfect is that right during
this recipe video it is snowing outside
the first snow of the season
stick your spatula I mean is very little
under